Subtitles by OnDemandKorea
(A cold winter day where
everything is frozen)
(But laughter is blossoming
in Ask Us Anything School)
Don't we need to vote for
a new class president?
Stop it, I told you I don't
want to be the president!
Why do you keep telling me to be one?
(Hee-chul's confused)
I just want to quietly support
you guys behind the scene.
(How cheesy and embarrassing)
Silently showing support, I don't
want to be in the limelight.
You should stay quiet now then.
That's what you said, right? "Silently"?
He keeps pushing me to be front and center!
You gotta be like me,
staying quiet and still.
I have no desire to serve another term.
Whoever wants to run should
raise their hand and volunteer.
Close your eyes and raise your hand!
Don't open your eyes.
Kyung-hoon, that was so loud.
(Oh, you heard me?)
(Hee-chul heard Kyung-hoon's
greed for success)
So Kyung-hoon's a candidate then.
I'm running for it.
I nominate Kim Yeong-cheol.
(That's unexpected)
They should volunteer.
I do want to be the class president.
I accept the nomination.
Kim Yeong-cheol and Min Kyung-hoon.
Let's vote by a show of hands.
If I become the class president!
I'll do some remodeling in this room.
- Remodeling how?
- Are you sure?
I'll come in the morning
and hang up some balloons.
Hey, Jang-hoon bought all of us
tennis shoes when he won last year.
Our show had our highest
rating during my term.
I have many accomplishments like that.
(You just said you had no
intention of running again?)
I do resign though, a clean break.
No you can't!
- You're nominating Jang-hoon?
- Yeah, my brother in sports is great.
(He's secretly glad to be nominated)
So then!
Kyung-hoon, Jang-hoon,
Yeong-cheol, go up front.
Make your pledges but our
lunch menu might change if
Jang-hoon's no longer the class president.
(Candidates to announce their pledge)
(Looking like Olympic medalists)
I'll keep it short, I won't talk for long.
Our show did reach our highest
rating ever during my last term.
And many other good things
happened during that time.
These are my accomplishments.
We recognize that, but tell
us what you'll do if you win.
- A pledge?
- It's the new year, too.
I'll treat everyone with
delicious and sweet alcohol!
(The magic word to bring
supporters to their feet)
(Underage drinking and
smoking is prohibited)
(Wake up, guys!)
If I become the president...
I'll host blind dates with the school
next door for the future of our school.
(Praise Min Kyung-hoon!)
- It's the all-boy school?
- An all-girl school.
Forget it then.
I'll host blind dates for us.
You believe him? He just
stays home all day.
He just wants to go on a date.
(Candidate #3 Kim Yeong-cheol,
nominated by Sang-min)
I'll promote our school via social media.
I'll make sure we get cool
people to transfer here.
Leave the party!
Let's vote then, you four can vote.
You guys should vote first.
I believe we need some younger
blood in this school.
So!
I cast my vote for Min Kyung-hoon.
Alright, Min!
I agree with what Jang-hoon just said.
I'd like to give myself a chance.
He's got 2 votes!
I'm a little nervous that
Sang-min's not gonna vote for me.
(He may sway like a reed)
So I vote for myself too.
First, Kim Hee-chul!
It's by secret ballot?
No, it's an open ballot.
(Open ballot with the candidates watching)
We're watching you!
I like the idea of a new person, but
Kyung-hoon hasn't been so responsible
up until now.
Ho-dong should vote last.
I'll treat you out for dinner today.
Why, thank you!
(Sang-min nominated Yeong-cheol earlier)
I think this person will work hard for
the class and the transfer students.
(Stays loyal to Yeong-cheol)
What if I really win?
Yeong-cheol! He's the
first one to get 2 votes?
(So excited)
Lee Soo-geun!
He knows me very well, we
share the same waiting room.
Yes, I know you.
We shared the same waiting
room for 2 years.
But he's got no quality
to be the president.
Please finish it off for us.
You must feel so pressured.
I do!
"Seo-portainment!"
(Seo Jang-hoon + Sportainment)
(Of course he supports
his brother in sports)
This really means nothing.
I wasn't gonna do it!
(Choosing Jang-hoon without hesitance)
(Seo Jang-hoon is voted
in for 2 years straight!)
Kyung-hoon's really sad!
Are you really disappointed?
We cannot break this current system.
(Didn't know he wanted a revolution)
You really wanted it, right?
(Congratulation, President Seo!)
Are you gonna get rid of people who
didn't vote for you, like Sang-min?
(A huge price to pay)
I love even those who didn't vote for me.
I'll work hard with such a mindset.
I was honored to be on the
same ballot with you.
(The transfer students arrive!)
(Sexy)
It's Jang Seo-hee!
Hello, Hong Seok-cheon!
Whom did he point?
I dodged.
Hello, guys!
We've met before, long time ago.
Yeah, we have.
You made me cry so much!
That's why you remember!
(You made Ho-dong cry!)
Let me introduce myself first.
I'm Jang Seo-hee from "Every Drama
I'm in Becomes a Big Hit" School.
(Nice to meet you!)
She made us cry recently too!
Really? How?
You'll find out soon.
She lives and dies constantly.
Guys, I'm here too!
Ho-dong, I'm here!
I'll introduce myself.
I'm Hong Seok-cheon from "I love
You Brothers the Most" School.
It's nice to see you.
(Nice to see you!)
Would you like a build a very
special friendship with me?
Kyung-hoon?
A special friendship.
Nothing dangerous.
Friendship is good! I'd like
to build friendship with you.
Let's do that all night.
It has to be all night?
(Acting prudish)
Seo-hee was on a TV drama, "Band
of Sisters," until recently.
It aired at our time slot!
(She was a rival)
It had really high rating.
It made it really hard for our show.
I've actually been watching
this show since Episode 1.
- I did hear that she's a huge fan.
- I am!
But I couldn't watch this show while
I was doing "Band of Sisters."
We were rivals.
The writer of "Band of Sisters"
is a huge fan of this show too.
She also wrote "Geum Sa-wol" too, right?
She also wrote "Temptation of Wife"!
(Surprised to hear it)
She wrote many famous TV dramas.
She was so happy for me when I
told her I'm coming on this show.
She told me to do a good job.
Maybe she wants us in her dramas
after seeing our skits here.
Oh, that's right!
You know how Yeong-cheol used to copy
me a lot? With a mole on his face?
"Min So-hee!" [Her famous line]
She wanted to thank you.
Kim Soon-ok the screenwriter?
(But that was so long ago)
She knows who I am?
Of course she does!
I had a hard time choosing between
"Band of Sisters" and this show,
as a viewer.
What did you end up watching?
I watched "Band of Sisters" when
girl-groups came on this show.
(We didn't think about his preference)
That was a great statement.
There was nothing to see!
But you'd watch this show
when boy-groups come on?
Yes, of course!
Especially when BTS came on!
Ji-min was so cute, I
couldn't change the channel!
I love you, BTS!
(He's clear about what his preferences)
That was fun to watch.
I heard you knew that "Ask Us Anything"
will be successful from the get-go?
Yeah, I did. I've been watching
it since the very first episode.
I knew this show will turn out really well.
I saw your desperation.
No, really!
No one can beat you if you're desperate.
That's when Ho-dong and Soo-geun made
a comeback after getting in trouble.
Don't put me in the
same category as him.
"How can I ever stand before
the public ever again?"
(Embarrassed about what he said before)
(He's acting just like Ho-dong)
"I, Ho-dong, hereby announce
that I retire from being on TV!"
(Doesn't know what to do)
(He was just barely getting over it)
Ho-dong had already being on TV again
by the time this show started.
This was Soo-geun's first
show making a comeback.
But Ho-dong was already on TV for a while.
But still!
People had a huge interest in
Ho-dong's being on this show.
I was very interested too.
So you saw our desperation.
Sang-min had to pay off his debt.
Yeong-cheol needed to be funny.
I was popular when this show started.
No, you weren't funny.
I was never funny in my entire career?
You gotta work harder this year.
I work hard every year.
Jang-hoon was still
getting over his pain of love.
He needed this show to be healed.
It's been a long time since then.
"The pain of love?"
I'm tagged by it forever.
I'm being called "not funny" forever too.
Seok-cheon, you knew
we'd be successful too?
I first thought it was a
little old-fashioned.
I thought this show was a sinking ship.
But it was a very wise move
to change stuff around.
Did the producer change?
No, he's the same one.
The same one?
Ho-dong's thoughts changed.
(Controlling this ship like Jack Sparrow)
The show format in the
beginning was Ho-dong's idea?
His mentality changed,
and everything changed.
It was hard back then.
But is that story true?
I heard Seok-cheon joined Jang-hoon
in "20 Billion Dollars Club."
(Seok-cheon's super rich too?)
He's probably got 30 billion.
I heard he owns every other
building in Itaewon.
Every other building there!
That's definitely not true.
My restaurants are in almost
every other building,
but I'm just a tenant there.
And a place I was a tenant for a
long time raised the rent too much.
So I bought a building in an
alley that's not so popular.
So I do own a building, but
it's not like a huge one at a
major street like Jang-hoon's.
His building's got a huge
LED sign and everything.
I'm sure the price of his
building skyrocketed.
How much is your per square foot?
We don't have to talk about that.
The way I see it, Jang-hoon's more
wealthy in terms of owning buildings.
He makes so much money!
Chef Hong makes a lot of money! You
know how many restaurants he owns?
Jang-hoon's building's valued more.
What do you think, Seo-hee?
Itaewon's crazy with Seok-cheon, right?
But I think this way,
Seok-cheon's a very good person.
I think he's blessed because of that.
Thanks.
But I'm just thankful, that's all.
(He didn't like that she touched him)
He's telling her not to touch him.
Let go of this too.
He's really kind to his family and friends.
Seok-cheon named all his brands
with the same first letter.
Every single one was a success.
What's the secret behind your success?
No, some restaurants failed.
When I open up 10, about 3 or 4 fail.
But people just don't know that well.
Was there a huge failure?
What was the biggest failure?
I started an Internet clothing
shopping mall before.
I gave it a very unusual name.
I wanted to use a name
that no one else would.
"Gay-deuk Shopping Mall"?
Like "Huge Profit"! [pun]
That's a nice name!
I'm gonna use it one day.
The little kids would come, "Gay-deuk!"
Thanks!
(It's definitely a creative name)
Only you can come up with that.
For men's clothing website,
"Ne2Nom." [Hey, you guy]
How do you think I named
my women's clothing site?
"Ne2..." [Slightly
derogatory term for women]
Bingo! That's what I used.
It sounds offensive.
- Isn't it cute? It's unique.
- Cute only to you!
It's offensive for most.
"Go get some clothes from Ne2!"
(A real-life bickering between friends)
- They're no longer around?
- They're not.
The location caught on fire,
and that was the end.
Aren't you being too harsh to Seo-hee?
You're being too cold!
I'd still be cold to any woman
here, even if it were Kim Hee-sun.
I put up a wall.
What if Twice came? All 9 of them!
There's no need for 9 girls here.
(He's clear about his preference)
What if Wanna One comes?
(Wanna One is welcomed!)
(Only Seok-cheon can play this role)
I love this.
Everyone's talking about
Seok-cheon, but not about Seo-hee.
She just won the best actress award!
She won grand prize twice before.
Twice? Three times?
Twice.
Did you mention Ho-dong when you
gave your speech this time?
- Why would I?
- Why not?
(Very disappointed)
You gotta mention him no matter what!
I even cried before because of you!
(Mentioning Ho-dong is a must!)
You didn't thank our show either?
Why do I have to mention him?
We were rivals!
Give us back all the laughter you
had while watching our show.
Screenwriter "Kim Soo-ro" will protest you.
Kim Soo-ro the comedian?
I'll make sure to mention you
next time I win an award.
Yeah, for the grand prize!
She's so nice, she applauds and stuff.
She's so lady-like.
But her face totally changes
when she plays a villain!
What's your secret? How
do you switch so well?
She's got a lot of anger, that's why.
That's true!
I went through a lot of
hardship in the past.
I was desperate, too.
(So we prepared something!)
We prepared some of her most famous scenes.
Are we ready?
That was from "Miss Mermaid."
I played a screenwriter in the drama.
This when I finally met the person
who made my mother become blind.
I should be so angry that
my eyes would flip out.
So I had to put a lot of force on my eyes.
It's been a while, but...
How dare you throw it?
I wrote that script all night through
blood and sweat! How dare you throw it!
(Goosebumps)
Did you hear her voice?
The class president should try it.
Jang-hoon's the best at
"You're gonna die" scenes.
You need to set a good example.
Show us how it's done.
(Gathering his emotions)
(Actor mode is on)
How dare you throw it?
I wrote that script all night through
blood and sweat! How dare you throw it!
That's good, keep going!
(His line continues)
How about you kill me too?
And kill your ex-wife...
(Can't believe he said it himself)
Why would you kill your ex-wife?
(Just drinks cold water)
Where was this line from?
I didn't read the next line ahead.
(The problematic line was hidden)
It was hidden!
(Not the right person for the part)
But you're a good actor!
You have a talent.
I'm good at being angry.
I'm really good at that.
It's just my life.
Seok-cheon, you did lots of acting too.
I went to Africa once to
shoot "Swallow the Sun."
And there was a scene I'm supposed
to filmed with a cheetah.
It was trained.
But I guess the cheetah got annoyed
from being under the sun for too long.
And it bit me!
A cheetah bit you?
If it were a wild cheetah, it
would've bit me in the next and
I would've died.
But this one never bit a person before.
It bit me in the back, and I survived.
And after the initial medical treatment
was given, I said this to the director.
"We gotta shoot this scene again."
That's what I told him.
He was really thankful that I was willing.
So he promised that I can appear in his
TV dramas for the rest of my life.
It's because you weren't
bitten all the way.
He's destroying the mood!
What a new character!
I'm saying it could've
been even more dangerous!
(He's taken aback)
I'm really glad you're fine.
(Whatever)
Have you ever been bitten by a cheetah?
You don't know what you're talking about!
Why are you yelling at me?
(Kyung-hoon, you!)
That was a country accent.
I loved it.
(He's feeling better after just a touch)
(Kyung-hoon controls Seok-cheon's mood)
Kyung-hoon's got a good sense these days.
I think things will turn out
really well for him this year.
No, I heard that in 2016 too.
No, really.
I can't look into Seo-hee's future.
But I can see your future clearly.
There's light in your eyes, you'll
receive an award this year.
(Kyung-hoon will have a successful
year and receive awards next year)
But he doesn't like leaving the house.
This is the only show he does.
If he never wants to leave the house,
it means someone comes over to his.
That makes sense!
The yogurt lady delivers
yogurt, that's all.
(No one suspected who'd visit him at home)
He's telling us the future!
(He's gonna be great!)
Oh, someone else comes to
change my water filter.
He lives with his parents at home.
He loves his yogurt though.
(True love fermented over long time)
That's why you always talk about poop!
Yeah, I go a lot because of it.
Give us what you filled out.
(Time to go over their application)
Forget it!
Why?
You think this will settle things?
Leave here at once, I don't like you two.
Leave!
Who are you supposed to be?
What's up with this vibe?
(Picks up after himself)
- Sorry.
- When'd you put on the mole?
I'm good at doing that
without getting caught.
Be quiet, it's not time for you to talk.
I hate you!
You try doing this.
Let's take a look at their application.
Name: Jang Seo-hee.
Seo's your last name?
What do you mean? My last name is Jang.
(How did he miss that?)
You must be doing too many shows.
- How many is he doing?
- Too many!
He must've gotten confused
with Seo Jang-hoon.
Her nickname is "a girl."
Why's that?
Guess why that is, why's
my nickname "a girl"?
It stands for "a scary girl"?
She's good at playing a villain.
It's not the answer, but that's clever!
A girl who loves beef!
It's actually because...
A girl who picked pockets before.
Don't tell us, we'll guess.
OK, try it.
You already gave a similar answer.
A girl who's played around before.
(Can't believe it)
Any acronym you can think of!
A girl who looks like a cow?
A girl who works like an ox.
Yes, that's right.
It's because
when I was shooting a drama
with Ahn Seon-young,
she'd say, "You're really a girl."
I thought she meant something good,
like I come off young or something.
But she said, "No, you work like an ox!"
She said I just work all the time, I
should spend time dating or something.
You should fall in love, not
just work all the time.
(She had no scandal)
I'm sure many guys asked her out before!
No, no.
It's not that case.
What kind of a guy do you like?
Be honest.
Pick a type. You gotta hurry, so
Seok-cheon can answer this too.
You're gonna ask me that too?
You can look forward to it!
For me, honestly?
- Pick just one person here.
- Just one?
I'd say Kyung-hoon.
- Seok-cheon picked him too!
- They're rivals today.
I won't forgive you!
I won't let you have him!
Who's your choice then?
(Thinking about it so seriously)
I used to like Hee-chul long ago.
But I like Kyung-hoon these days.
Both picked Kyung-hoon!
You two should make your case to compete.
(An unexpected love triangle)
A typical love triangle would
be to attain Seo-hee's love.
But these two are fighting over you!
Tell me your reasons.
His sense of humor started to show more.
He's so witty and funny!
It'll be great to have a
boyfriend who's so funny.
I hope you'd come out of your roles
and fall in love in real life.
You should speak for yourself.
You should worry about yourself first!
Don't go to New York and
try to get foreign girls.
What, really?
Yeah, I caught him in New York!
(What was that, Yeong-cheol?)
(We've never seen him
taken aback like this)
(The crowd goes wild at this shocking news)
Yeong-cheol's alive and kicking!
This is why you don't like Korean girls?
That's why you learned English, right?
He kept going to America just for
3-day trips over the holidays.
He went to England too!
How'd you do it?
There were beautiful women in front
of a night club in New York.
He was talking to them
in English like this.
He told them he's a comedian.
He was really popular among girls there.
Don't say that you're a comedian!
They might think every
Korean comedian is like you.
He looks funny to begin with.
Foreigners like this.
That's right! Foreigners really like him.
Seok-cheon said that his strength is...
"Seon-mi's dance."
But we had so many guests
who did that dance here.
Even actresses did that
dance here, models, too.
Many people did it already.
Seon-mi herself came on the
show and did that dance, too.
- Really?
- Yeah.
So don't do it?
- Kyung-hoon, you wanna see it?
- Yeah.
But I need some help.
I need a pole.
I need to poles.
Can Kyung-hoon and Jang-hoon
become poles?
I'm so curious to see,
it's gonna be different.
("Gashina" by "Hong Seon-mi")
(He put on a wig to look sexy)
You're too tall!
(Being used for a pole dance)
(Sexy)
(Hip movement)
I'm staring straight at his butt!
(So into it)
(The poles are embarrassed for him)
(Sharp)
(The poles are late a beat)
(And he gives up)
(Stealing the hearts of men)
(Sexy moves)
(Showing off how flexible he is)
(How embarrassing!)
You should've caught me!
I didn't know that was gonna happen!
I didn't know I was supposed to!
(Everyone blames Jang-hoon)
(I shouldn't have trusted the pole)
(Not a very well-made pillar)
That was "Hong Seon-mi!"
Welcome to our school!
Let's try to guess things about Seo-hee.
Hope you get them right!
I did an interview after I finished
shooting "Temptation of Wife."
But I regretted doing it.
Many people said that I misspoke
because of that interview.
What do you think I said?
You declared that you'll quit smoking.
And you couldn't keep the promise.
(Baffled)
I better take this out.
It's just how we start things.
She must've said something
she didn't have to.
You said, "I'll just marry my work!"
That was so not funny.
So cliche!
You really need to work on getting better.
You need to stop being on too many shows.
(Speechless at her blunt remark)
You were asked about your future plans.
And you said you want to start dating.
You said it, but it never happened.
It's close.
But that's wrong.
I always get close.
"I'll never get married."
Isn't that your story?
(Me?)
(It's not about you!)
You were asked what your
goal is for a new year.
You said your goal was to
get married that year.
Not it.
You're the one who should get married.
(Trying to stay calm)
No need to keep trying.
You said you won't date someone.
Because you don't wanna meet a guy
like a character in the drama.
Because of what I said in the interview,
something disappeared, like flew out.
Must be an ad offer.
- Must be.
- That's not it.
It probably wasn't a dove flying
out of your pocket, right?
The reporter asked you a question,
and you were offended and cussed him out.
(Me?)
The reporter then punched
you, and your teeth flew out.
I'm not like you!
I love it when Kyung-hoon does this!
He's gonna be great this year!
Something flew out? Your
chance for a blind date?
(Must be close!)
You said, "I don't think I can
date someone for a while."
But you were supposed
to go on a blind date.
And the guy saw that interview and
canceled meeting up with you.
Walk on a flowery road!
(A flowery road ceremony)
It's really close, but not quite.
Take back the ceremony!
Don't just walk out like that!
Pick'em up!
You're very close, it's similar.
That drama had a very complex plot.
You said you didn't want a
relationship that's so complicated.
Cut it!
That should be edited out, so not funny.
This has never happened before!
No one ordered Ho-dong's
remark to be cut out.
It was not funny at all,
it should be edited out.
I'm not saying anything more.
You're really not gonna talk?
(She said "cut it"!)
"I don't want to meet someone
through a blind date."
Why not?
"I believe in fate."
"I want to fall in love like fate."
Fate!
Ho-dong's comments are so old-fashioned.
You think you're so fresh and young?
(Feels bad after saying it)
So fresh?
Ho-dong is a little old school.
I got it, you had planned
to go on a blind date.
And you revealed your real age
in the interview by mistake.
"I was actually born in 1927."
What?
(Anger rising)
How old is that supposed to be?
- Is that 100 years old?
- You should quit one of the shows.
(Sorry, that was too much)
I'll give you a big hint.
It's about a number.
(The giant wants to answer)
"I have 3 or 4 blind dates set up already."
And the guy thought he was the only one.
So the guy got mad and he canceled.
It's close!
2 blind dates!
(The crowd goes crazy)
Hee-chul got it right.
("Gashina" ceremony)
(Joy vs. Sadness)
(Rubbing it in his face)
(Automatic response)
When did we start to impose
such a detail to our answers?
You gotta be accurate!
You gotta use the accurate word!
This is so hard.
(When you said it yourself!)
(Correct answer if I said it,
but wrong if someone else did)
How many is very important.
None of them knew the
answer before I said it.
I was the only one!
You shouldn't have answered it that fast.
You're like an ox in the Chinese
zodiac sign story, and I'm the rat.
The rat was sitting on top of an ox,
then jumped off at the finish line.
- Then I won!
- How clever!
I was asked about my plans
after the drama ended.
I said, "I have 2 blind dates lined up!"
I wanted to show off.
But the guys I was supposed to
go on dates with were upset.
They had every reason to, they didn't
know I was going on 2 separate dates.
So the dates never happened.
- For both?
- Yeah.
That's why people around
me said I had a big mouth.
It's better not to have met
someone who gets upset at that.
They should've thought to work harder to
win you over, even if you had 10 dates.
Why are you so pessimistic?
We're on your side! You should
stop being on too many shows.
Can't you see we're on your side?
Do you go on blind dates often?
No, not often.
But it's the only way I can
meet people with regular jobs.
How about dating someone in
the entertainment industry?
I don't find that so attractive.
You can understand each other better.
I think it's harder to understand,
because you know so well.
That's possible.
You were never asked out by a celebrity?
I was.
I'm sure!
- Who was it?
- Tell us the name.
I can't tell you the name!
We won't air it on TV.
Just tell us here! We won't show it.
- You can tell us the name.
- No I can't!
Then say you were never
asked out by a celebrity.
Were you ever asked out by a celebrity?
What is this?
Tell us the name!
No!
Don't worry, I told
everyone I'm married too!
Yeah, tell us how
things are going.
Jang-hoon even talked
about how he's divorced!
Older? Or younger?
Guys, you think I'm a dummy?
Younger?
Younger and older, yes.
Is he married now? Or is he divorced?
He got married.
The younger one too?
- No, he didn't.
- Give us his name!
Oh no, I'm being convinced! I can't.
(They're not letting it go)
Wait, I have something to ask you.
No, we're more curious about our question.
Give us his initials!
When you go on blind dates, when
do you find the girl unattractive?
"What's that?"
This happened to me before.
We were supposed to meet at 6 pm, and
I texted her to confirm around 4:30.
"You know about 6 o'clock?
You're on your way?"
"Sorry, I don't think I can go today."
(Oh my...)
I was so hurt, she hurt my pride.
On the day of, just an
hour and a half before!
I can see why you left for New York.
It's one thing if she texted me first.
"Sorry, I got the flu," or something!
But I asked to confirm, and she told me no.
I ordered a hamburger
over the phone recently.
I was in a hurry.
- Which brand?
- "M."
But my friend next to me heard
what I said, and started to laugh.
Why do you think she did?
They deliver?
Yeah, they take phone orders.
(They deliver hamburgers these days?)
They started doing that long time ago!
McDonald's delivers?
I bet your son knows how to order.
There's a separate delivery
company, they do the delivery.
No, it's not like that!
You don't know either?
McDonald's does delivery?
I bet your son orders
delivery from them too!
I know they deliver pizza, but...
They deliver themselves!
- You didn't know either, right?
- I had no idea.
The viewers have to understand
this, these two are on
some of the trendiest shows on TV.
But they're so old-fashioned, they
know nothing about what's current.
You're happy that someone's
just like you, right?
(This old couple finds
strength from one another)
We used to walk 2 hours to buy makgeolli.
Just when were you born?
As years went on, you
started to lose hearing.
You kept talking to a busy signal.
"I want a hamburger..."
No that's not it!
You said it's from "M"?
You called McDonald's
and ordered a Whopper.
- What's that?
- You don't know what it is?
This isn't funny?
(How can you not laugh at this joke?)
They don't sell Whoppers at McDonald's.
Only a rich guy like you know that.
I'm not rich!
Whopper's expensive, we can't order it.
It's because you've got 60 million dollars!
I've never heard that word before.
It's a dollar more than McDonald's!
You heard of it?
How do you know "Whopper," when
you don't even have a wife?
That's got nothing to do with it!
(Sorry!)
You think you can say whatever you
want because you're good-looking?
I was about to order something on the side.
But I couldn't.
That's why she laughed.
So something like Cole slaw, but
you couldn't remember the name?
So you said, "the picked lettuce thing!"
It was funny the way you described it?
That's a little similar.
"What do you have for side dishes?"
Hee-chul's getting closer!
"Give me the snacks!"
No, I didn't say that.
Two letters.
"Do you have 'blank'?"
"Do you have dessert?"
"What side dishes do you have?"
"Extra noodles?"
That's right!
(Looking for extra noodles
at a burger place?)
(Embarrassed)
That's so amazing.
- I thought it was wrong.
- Me too!
I asked, "What extra noodles do you have?"
I wanted to order fast, but couldn't
think of the word, "side menu."
"What extra noodles do you have?"
(Ridiculous mistake with
similar-sounding words out of hurry)
Do you make a lot of mistakes like that?
This happened before, during
an interview long time ago.
I was asked what TV drama
I enjoyed watching.
I liked "Kim Tak-gu the Baker,"
and "My Name is Kim Sam-soon."
You said "My Name is Kim Tak-gu"?
Yeah, "My Name is Kim Tak-gu."
Sometimes I mix up words like that.
She has a bit of a goofy side to her.
I was so surprised though.
Is it because I live alone
and I order in all the time?
How can you not know
anything about fast food?
I eat at home because my family's happy.
My family always eats dinner together.
Yes, of course.
What kind of a person orders in dinner?
Even I eat with my family.
Happiness comes from cooking together.
(Sang-min always eats alone too)
(We hope they will find some
new happiness this new year)
Next question!
I played a lot of fierce characters on TV.
I heard many things
because of my past roles.
But what do you think is the most
memorable from what people said to me?
Weren't most of the roles
you played exhilarating?
I took a lot of revenges, and
people found it relieving.
Yes, punishing the evil.
They weren't bad roles.
- It's a good thing?
- Yeah.
"Wow, Seo-hee! You're a top
celebrity but you're so frugal!"
"Your bag only costs 2,600 dollars!"
"You're not embarrassed to
carry that thing around?"
I heard this at a sauna.
"Seo-hee, you're so down-to-earth
and come to a sauna?"
"You're prettier without makeup!"
No, not like that.
It's something great for
an actor to hear.
"It's such a huge relief whenever
I see you take revenge!"
But in more detail.
And more condensed.
"I laugh and cry every
week because of you!"
"I live vicariously through you!"
You're getting closer.
"Come to my house, can you
beat up my husband for me?"
"I only watch dramas that you're on."
Almost there, very similar.
"I don't even look at any
drama that you're not on!"
"It gives me joy in life
when I see you act!"
No.
It's not something someone told
me directly, but I overheard it.
You know how they gather
in front of a TV set?
I overheard them talk, and I
was so happy when I heard it.
They didn't know you were there?
They didn't know, I was covered up.
"I only watch dramas that
Jang Seo-hee is in."
"Every drama she's in is great!"
I'll say it's correct.
It's close enough.
The flowery road!
(Gets up reluctantly)
You shouldn't have done that earlier.
We gotta listen until the end.
It's the right answer, go on.
Does he pay you or something?
(Taking his time)
What's that?
- He missed the timing already.
- It's not that.
- We'll do it next time.
- You should catch this, you're next.
(Here's a new bride!)
I really hope it happens soon!
I won't leave you alone for this.
The drama I was in was about to come on.
And women hurriedly gathered
in front of the TV set.
"Jang Seo-hee is on, I better watch it!"
I felt so trusted.
They trust that the dramas
I'm on will be good.
Are you showing off?
Yes, I am.
Let me show off once in a while.
What was the highest rating you got?
47% viewing rate.
"Miss Mermaid," right?
Almost half the country watch it?
It's incredible that her viewing
rate is that high at that time slot.
47% from "Miss Mermaid"?
You remember "See and See
Again" back in the day?
That one had 64% rating
as a daily soap opera.
With just 4% for the rival drama.
I asked what it feels like
when your drama only gets 4%.
They just shoot as long as
no one messes up a line.
"The kitchen scene, cue!"
"How can you do this to me?"
"What do you want me to do?"
"Cut, to the coffee shop scene."
(Moving on so quickly like in real-time)
There's just no motivation to try hard.
There is that though.
When the rival drama
starts to do well first,
you feel a little nervous.
But it feels great when the
ratings start to change.
Is there a drama you were in
that didn't turn out so well?
Sorry, I'm gonna show off.
It's just a fact, but none, right?
Almost none for me.
You're a guaranteed success then.
I'm pretty fortunate with viewing ratings.
Can you guess our rating this week?
What did "Take Care of My Fridge"
get when you were on it?
You got 9% with Hye-min the Monk, right?
It came out well because of him.
How come you look like a Buddhist
monk too, but just your head?
(I didn't do anything!)
We would've gotten great ratings if a
real Buddhist monk came on this show.
He's here in Hye-min's place?
It's so frustrating.
"Hong-min"!
(No hair in possession)
It's hard to guess that about talk shows.
I'm not so confident about
viewing rate for this.
Say it for us, "Kang Ho-dong,
I'll take my revenge on you!"
So the older ladies will
watch our show too.
No, there's another line they love.
In "Temptation of Wife," my
husband killed me in the drama.
And all the moms were so mad watching it.
They get so upset as if it
happened to them in real life.
Then I come on the drama again
with a mole on my face.
I say a line like, "I'll kill them
first and go to hell for it."
I swear in front of you, God.
Let me kill my husband and his
mistress, and I'll go to hell for it.
They really loved that line.
The momentary viewing rate just spiked.
It's a way for them to relieve stress.
(Bring back that emotion to Ho-dong)
I'll kill Kang Ho-dong
and go to hell for it.
I'll do it too!
Kyung-hoon, you too?
I'll open up the gates of hell for you.
(Trustworthy)
When does that train leave? I'll get on it.
(Hell-bound train is a popular one?)
How funny.
That's all for me.
Let's hope for a great
rating, Monk Seok-cheon!
(While they switch their places)
Can you scratch my back?
Left side.
I can't believe it.
- Are you using me like your butler?
- It's not that.
That's good.
You should ask me more nicely as a friend.
I'll scratch your back too.
(They're becoming closer today too)
Here's the first question.
Everyone knows I have a
Thai restaurant, right?
But it was more than 10 years ago
when I started a Thai restaurant.
A customer came and
ordered a Tom Yum Goong.
And he said something to me.
What do you think he said?
Tom Yum Goong?
It was 10 years ago, not recently.
I'll bring up something old too.
"Poop" isn't in it, right?
["Tom" sounds like "poop"]
No way!
Jang-hoon is just so brilliant.
I knew it!
See?
Maybe it was a Thai person,
"You sure this is Tom Yam?"
"You're a fraud! This isn't it!"
"Leave, you liar!"
"You bastard!"
"You're a terrible bastard!"
(The Thai person was looking
for the taste of home)
"I smell makeup in this food!"
So close.
"I smell skin lotion!"
"I taste my mom's cream!"
So close! Oh, sorry.
- Was it too hard?
- I'm OK!
Knock me out unconscious,
if you're gonna do that.
It's not about taste, but
it's about cilantro.
They didn't use it in Korea back then.
Oh!
Tom Yam... Tom Yum Goong...
"It smells like poop!"
(They thought cilantro smelled like poop!)
(Clap of certainty)
(Preparing the flowery road once again)
The customer called me to his table.
"Does it smell like poop
because it's 'Tom Yum Goong'?"
He wouldn't be so nice about it.
This Tom Yam Goong smells like poop!
Say it with cuss words.
(Getting mad)
Try it again.
"Who'd pay for this poop-smelling dish?"
(Thinking hard)
(Almost there!)
"How can you take money and sell
this food that smells like poop?"
That's right!
(What a relief!)
Here... Face-genius.
You were so close, Jang-hoon!
Jang-hoon's gotta be so mad.
So sad for Jang-hoon.
It was so close, but it was
a different expression.
"How can you sell food
that smells like poop?"
The customer complained.
How is it that I get every answer right?
Yet my answers don't count?
You said it last time
too, just cut and paste.
(Loss for words)
(Exhilarating to watch this)
(Kyung-hoon knows Jang-hoon the best)
I always get close to the
answer, every question.
It's a little too pungent for some,
Tom Yum Goong with cilantro.
I had so many complaints back in the day.
I served cilantro separately later on.
Afterward, I left out the cilantro and
allowed them to eat it on preference.
- I don't like cilantro either. - How did
you get into the restaurant business?
- Why so suddenly?
- I...
- originally came out in 2000.
- That's right.
I stopped being an entertainer for 3 years.
I really enjoyed cooking.
I had chronic sinusitis when I was young
and had complications after my surgery.
I can't smell anything.
That's why it's really hard for me to
smell or taste dishes when I cook.
It makes me concentrate more and...
on the other hand, I can eat all sorts
of dishes from around the world when...
other people can't because of the smell.
I realized it was an advantage that
I can eat a variety of dishes.
- That's really good of you to say.
You're being positive. - I overcame it.
I overcame my inferiority complex
of having chronic sinusitis by...
rapping with a raspy voice since
I kept hearing my nasally voice.
The reason I used a raspy
voice is because...
every time I rapped and heard the
recording, it sounded nasally.
You started to rap, like this?
You couldn't hear my nasally voice
when I used my raspy voice.
That's how I overcame it.
Don't you get strange customers
when you run a restaurant?
Of course, I do. I once had a
customer, who came in very drunk.
He suddenly began to
undress when he saw me.
- A male customer? - Yeah, a male
customer. I asked him what he was doing.
He started to scream, "I'm going
to set this restaurant on fire!".
He got something from the
corner and lifted it up.
He kept screaming, "I'm going to burn this
place down!" but we burst out laughing.
He was carrying a fire extinguisher. He
only had his underwear on while screaming.
"I'm going to burn down Hong
Seok-cheon's restaurant!"
I told him it was a fire extinguisher, but
he threatened to set the place on fire.
We called the police and he was
arrested with only his underwear on.
- I had a lot of people like that.
- They were drunk.
A lot of celebrity couples come as well.
That's right, a lot of
celebrity couples go there.
- You came too.
- That was a long time ago.
- As a couple?
- Of course.
Who was it? We won't tell anyone.
- They came a lot.
- Who was it?
Was she older or younger than him?
What kind of guy did Hee-chul bring there?
He didn't bring guys. I
was surprised but...
Hee-chul prefers women, who are
very pretty and voluptuous.
- I wonder who it was.
- Hee-chul! You still got it!
- Why would you mention being voluptuous.
- They were all voluptuous.
My restaurant has different floors
and we also had a rooftop area.
I'd chat with him and his girlfriend
when they came to the restaurant and...
I'd leave telling them to text
me if they needed anything.
When I would go see them, I had no choice
but to leave them to what they were doing.
What the heck?
(What is he talking about?)
- What are you doing at a public place?
- I'm taking off work early today.
Hee-chul!
- That's where you eat! - What are you
doing at someone else's restaurant?
That was over 10-years ago.
- That's right. - Hee-chul's going to
get a lot of calls from Kyung-hoon.
(Caught red-handed)
"Me too! Introduce me too!".
- How nice.
- Their life is so fun.
This is my second question.
I had my first love when I
was in sophomore in college.
It was very innocent and the
love we had was beautiful.
While we were dating, he found another guy.
When I found out, I raced
over to his house.
What do you think I did after I ran to him?
You got a fire extinguisher and started
yelling that you'd set the place on fire?
- You only had your underwear on.
- He started laughing at what you did.
"Decide right now! Is it me or that b@$&#*?
Is it that b@$&#* or me?
- No.
- I think you're close.
I'm close again?
- I got it!
- What?
"Kill me if you're going to leave me".
- Seo-hee, that's a bit... - Jang Seo-hee
kills first and asks questions later.
- It's like a line in one of her dramas.
- That's Jang Seo-hee for you.
(He doesn't hold back)
- He's hitting her harder.
- People usually go lighter on women.
- You're so mean! - How can you hit
Kyung-hoon lighter than Seo-hee?
(Kyung-hoon is excluded)
- Did you get mad or were you hanging
onto him? - I was hanging onto him.
I had absolutely nothing since I had just
moved to Seoul from the countryside.
"I'll become famous as quickly as possible
and I can make you happier than him".
"I'll make you happy!"
"I'll lather you with gifts and make
you happy after I become famous".
Hit him if he's wrong.
You have such great acting skills.
- Look at his dignity. Swag!
- It's very close.
I promised three things.
I asked him to come back.
"I'll do your laundry, sort your
recyclables and I'll cook food for you".
Kyung-hoon!
(Can't you get it right, Kyung-hoon?)
You're not hitting him as hard as me!
- How come you hit me hard?
- Do you know about our friendship?
You're being unfair. My goodness!
Why are you hitting me so hard?
It's because you interfered
with his restaurant.
You went too far.
"I'm going to get famous".
"I'm going to make a lot of
money and make you happy".
It's not broad, my promises
were very detailed.
"I'll quickly become famous
and buy you a car...
buy you clothes...
and buy you a house!"
Wait a second. You're getting
really close to the answer!
- I'll try.
- I promised him 3 things.
"I'll make lots of money
after I get famous and buy...
you a car, clothes and every
else you ever wanted".
(No, it's not that)
(Shaking all over)
What the heck is he doing?
"I'll buy you a house, a car and a beeper".
There are many kinds of houses.
- I got it! "I'll get famous...
- Good.
- "I'll buy you a car".
- Alright.
"I'll also buy you an apartment".
He got it!
- He got it!
- It wasn't a house, but an apartment?
The other guy had his own car
and lived in an apartment.
I told him I'll quickly
succeed as an entertainer...
and buy him a car and an apartment.
I asked him to come back to me.
- Did he go back to you?
- No, he didn't.
Why? What did he say to you?
He told me to stop nagging him.
- That's how he left.
- Did you ever see him afterward?
- I saw him after 20-years?
- How was he?
When I was dating him, I used to
always tell him he had deer eyes.
I saw him after 20-years had passed but...
He really became a deer?
I think you hit the nail on its head.
- He was drinking antler juice.
- He still had those eyes after 20-years.
It was very sentimental for me.
- That's what true love is like.
- That's right.
This is my last question.
When I was a high school student, I
lived away from home in Daejeon...
and while I was sleeping, I inhaled
fumes from a coal-burning furnace.
My older sister rescued me when she
came back home, late that night.
- That could've been disastrous.
- When my parents heard what happened...
my dad rushed to me from the countryside.
When my dad came for me, he did
something that made me bawl.
- Why do you think I cried? - When you
accidentally inhale fumes from coal...
people would say you'd recover quickly
if you drank dongchimi kimchee juice.
You saw your slicing radish to
make you radish kimchee for you.
It wasn't your mom, but your dad
making the kimchee for you.
- Is his father a good cook?
- Yeah.
- How was his approach?
- It was a nice approach.
He brought the coal briquette owner
and made him apologize to you.
Why would the owner have
to apologize for that?
Why didn't you say his dad
brought him crickets?
I got it! I know the answer!
He brought a cow for you.
A cow! He brought a cow for you.
Your dad didn't have cash,
so he brought a cow...
and sold it to buy you a
better place to stay.
- He walked for days with the cow?
- That's right.
He brought a cow with him. A cow!
People in the countryside used
to sell their cows for tuition.
I got it!
He brought all his savings accounts
and said for you to use them to...
You should pay back your interest rate.
Pay back your interest rate.
In another word, he wants you to be quiet.
Who brought what?
Now, my mom and dad lived in the country.
But only my dad came to visit me.
- Your mom's letter!
- A handwritten letter?
Why would I cry about that?
- What could it be? - I got it! Your mom
told you to keep strong and stay alive.
I got it! It was an
agreement for a new house.
- I got it!
- No! Don't hit me, don't hit me!
Why are you so clueless? We
already said it was a letter!
- Stop hitting me!
- Why are you so clueless?
We were so close to the answer! Why
would you bring up a new house?
Tell her to go to the
corner and get some rest.
- Go away! - Your mother sent up
a recipe for dongchimi kimchee.
I got it!
I saw the letter, but the ink was smeared.
- She was crying while she wrote the
letter. - Yes, a tearful letter!
The ink was smeared because of her tears.
It was my mom's letter but...
- I got it! You saw the letter...
- Yes, I read it.
It was actually a letter
for army recruitment.
You're kidding me.
My mom lived in the most
rural parts of the country.
Her education level didn't extend
to junior high or high school.
You mother was so shocked, she decided
to write her loving son a letter...
but her sentences had
misspelled words in it.
The instant you saw that letter, you
didn't know why but you cried because...
you felt bad.
You got it!
She did everything she
could to educate her son.
Did I bring up a recipe for dongchimi
kimchee when it was this moving of a story?
My apologies, mother.
- I'm very sorry.
- You should be.
Her handwriting was really beautiful.
She wrote, "I'm so sorry Seok-cheon.
I wish I could've rented you a better
house but we just don't have the means.
I'm so sorry you had to suffer from
inhaling fumes from the charcoal.
I'm so sorry and I hope you
know how much I love you."
She wrote all that down, but I realized
she had misspelled words in her letter.
When I thought about how she
would be up at night...
writing this letter to me
while she was by herself.
I couldn't help but cry reading her letter.
- I know what you mean. - It was the
very first letter my mom had sent to me.
I was really moved by what she did.
(He's overcome a lot of
hurdles in his life)
(His dependable parents are who
made Seok-cheon, who he is today)
(The gods are arguing over
who has the most influence)
(What is going on while war clouds
hang over the god's palace?)
This is so frustrating.
Didn't I send out a text message to the
shrines asking all the good-looking gods...
to gather around today? Where did
all the good-looking gods go?
How come all the gods that
look like this are here?
- Who the heck are you?
- Me?
- Are you human or horse? - I'm Centaur.
Human face with body of a horse.
(Neighing)
(Taken aback)
I don't know if your face is the horse
or human. I think it was changed.
At least you're kind of cute.
- You think he's cute.
- He's cute compared to who we have here!
- Silence in the palace!
- Be quiet!
Let me present to you...
the goddess we sever, Aphrodite!
- We serve Aphrodite?
- The front and the back.
He wasn't talking about you, it was me.
It's me, Aphrodite.
- Aphrodite!
- Kneel down and praise her!
- Poseidon.
- Kneel down and praise her, Poseidon.
Aphrodite! What's that
you have on your face?
- What is it?
- It's beautiful.
(What is he talking about?)
I'm only letting this go because
you're so good-looking.
- What's that on your face, Poseidon?
- What?
Why do you keep talking bullshit?
- What's with the timing?
- Your line didn't make sense either!
- His line didn't make sense.
- He just wanted to hit him.
Give it a rest if you
don't have anything good!
- Isn't it a sight today? - Yeah, why is
everyone so ugly today? What's going on?
Let me introduce myself. I'm 9 feet tall.
The god of love. Cupid.
I'm Cupid. I'm sure
everyone has loved before.
It was possible for you to
love someone because...
I was the one, who shot my arrows your way.
If that's the case, how come your
arrows never reached me? Why?
If that's how you feel,
you'll fall in love with the...
first person you see after
I hit you with my arrow.
- He was hit.
- He was hit with the arrow.
Where have you been all my life?
(Screaming)
(He begins to faintly
remember his previous life)
(Such a dreadful fate)
- What do you want?
- Where have you been all my life?
(Cupid's arrow works like a charm)
I've been waiting for you.
- Do you really fall in love if you
get hit by your arrow? - Of course!
- How come you're not in love, if you
know so well? - I know! What happened?
Did you shoot yourself
and then take it out?
- I was never shot by my arrow.
- Don't just shoot anyone.
It's time for me to introduce myself.
I'm god of the seas.
Poseidon
Do you all know why the sea is so salty?
It's because I especially
marinated you in salt!
(Salted mackerel?)
You sure are a great jokester.
It's because my body is in the sea!
The sea tastes of my sweat and tears!
I marinated you well.
What did he do in the sea?
He farted in there.
Were your farts the
sounds of you screaming?
Sounds of iron and stone! Rolling thunder!
Bam, bam, bam!
(Stop while you're ahead)
(Lovey dovey?)
- Doesn't that hurt?
- I told you to stop it.
I already told you, it hurts!
I still think you're sexy.
(He wanted to try to ride the horse)
They're getting along well together.
(The two can't be separated after that day)
I'm the god of beauty, Aphrodite.
I look good from the front and the back.
- You just don't look good from the side.
- Hey!
Anyways, my name is Aphrodite.
- She's a goddess.
- She's beautiful.
Every guy falls head over hells
for me whenever they see me.
I'm sure everyone here
will fall for me as well.
(His hand goes up)
I wouldn't fall for you, no
matter how beautiful you are.
My gosh! You guys are so ugly, very ugly.
- I'm...
- Who are you?
The most handsome god, Narcissus.
You can't stand your girlfriend being
better-looking than you, can you?
You've broken up with them
for that, haven't you?
It's because I only have platonic loves.
I only give them my heart.
What was that you were doing
on my restaurant rooftop?
Was that platonic as well?
How many times do I need to tell you
not to run any sort of business?
- Remove your knife. - You're not allowed
to do business in the human world.
Hello. I symbolize strength.
I can show you how strong
I am on the battlefield.
I'll show you my strength!
(Screaming)
Hercules is using his strength!
Hercules!
(The palace starts to rumble
when Hercules begins to move)
(Don't hurt the gods)
(With one swift move from Poseidon...)
(Hercules is put down)
(Embarrassed)
- Your strength is amazing.
- You'd better be careful, Poseidon.
What are you going to
do if I'm not careful?
(He senselessly wags his tail again)
Didn't I tell you to stop?
I told you to stop. Can't you
see I'm doing something else?
It doesn't hurt because I have muscles.
- My name is Eros.
- Ross?
Just as my name, I control love.
- Control? Is that right?
- Do you believe love exists?
Yes, love exists.
- Love exists?
- Doesn't love exist for you?
- Love doesn't exist in his world.
- I'll allow love to exist in your world.
- Let me ask you a question, Eros.
- What?
Why do people kiss when they fall in love?
They want to verify the
inner parts of each other.
- Inner parts?
- Can you show us an example?
- Come here, Aphrodite.
- I'll be your example.
I can teach you!
Teach him how to do it.
I'll teach you guys.
You'll learn how to kiss with LSM since
Apollo has never been in love before.
- Get close. - I don't believe love exits.
- Love does exist.
Get close to him.
I love you.
You two can put your lips together.
Seok-cheon!
He's not Seok-cheon. Go ahead, kiss him.
I'll give you one of my restaurants.
- You can stop Apollo.
- Eros, what do you think about Seok-cheon?
My love interest is Aphrodite.
- We all serve Aphrodite.
- Of course.
- That's right. - It's not right for a
goddess to say, "That's right", Aphrodite.
- What should have I said?
- Can you speak more eloquently?
You're supposed to say, "You're correct".
Not, "That's right".
- You're correct.
- I know who everyone is now.
Are you going to be on my side or not?
How come you keep trying to
take my gods away from me?
I want blood.
This is the start of the
all-powerful hammer!
Nothing but that!
Do you know how dangerous that hammer is?
- How dangerous is it?
- Yes, explain it to us.
The god of thunder, Thor's symbol! You
all should know the all-powerful hammer!
Yes, we know.
Are you listening to me, Thor?
- Thor is here?
- Bring your hammer to me, this instant!
Really? Thor is here?
Are you listening to me, Thor?
- Thor is here?
- Bring your hammer to me, this instant!
Really? Thor is here?
(Is Thor's hammer really appearing?)
- Thor!
- Thor! - Thor?
- The god of thunder?
- Who was that?
- Thor.
Why does Thor look like that?
I thought another celebrity
was going to show up.
I think it's really heavy.
Is it really heavy?
(Cupid gets hit while trying
to verify the hammer)
(How can you get fooled again?)
Run away, run away.
Okay, okay, okay.
- I'm not going to let you get away with
this? - How can a goddess be so scary?
Why is a goddess so scary?
One person from each
team needs to come out.
You'll each take turns saying a word
that starts with a specific letter.
You're out if you can't find
a word within three-seconds!
The winner will have a chance to
hit the loser with Thor's hammer.
Alright!
I'll give you the first letter.
- Gods are beings that appear in legends.
- That's right.
That's why we'll start words with "jeon".
When you hear someone say,
"Wow", you should turn as well.
- You're not allowed to help him!
- How come you're telling him words?
- You're not allowed to help.
- Get ready!
- Start!
- Combat.
- One, two, three. You're out.
- War!
You're out.
Hey.
You were taking too long thinking of a
word while pretending to be in war.
All you could think of was 'War'?
- War, war.
- Okay, I'll take it.
- You can start.
- Trolley.
Trolley! One...
- Two.
- You can't keep stalling!
- Jeon Yeong-rok.
- Good! I'm giving him a chance to think.
- Tactics.
- One...
- Two.
- I can see the past.
- Three! - Former life.
- Great!
Light bulb.
I beg for your forgiveness...
your majesty!
Good.
- Exhibit.
- She said, "Exhibit"
One... two...
(Ho-dong is in trouble again)
Two...
Jeon...
- No! - Advance!
- He said, "Advance".
- Advance.
- Didn't we already say 'advance'?
- No, we didn't.
- Advance.
One...
- Two. - 3-weeks treatment.
- She's bringing out everything.
- 4-weeks treatment.
- I can't accept that.
One! I can't accept 4-week treatment.
- It was a big accident if it
takes 4-weeks to heal. - One.
One.
- Two.
- Jeon...
- Two...
- I'll call it quits first.
Get hit before you go in!
- Come here.
- Hit him hard.
- I'm going to hit you hard.
- Aphrodite wins.
- Where do you want to hit me?
- The stomach. - Yes, hit his stomach.
(Slightly nervous)
Poseidon is all about the stomach.
(Here I go!)
I think she hit him below the belt.
Much lower than the belt.
I think that was a bit
lower than his stomach.
You're supposed to tell him
before you start hitting him.
She suddenly hit him without any warning.
Are you okay?
- I'll get revenge for Ho-dong.
- I'm kind of afraid of Jang-hoon.
- Hey, Cupid.
- Yes?
I'm begging you again.
Can you keep it a clean fight?
- Win or lose, could you please keep it
clean? - I'm very good at this game.
- That's great.
- Don't worry.
Aren't we gods that know
one another very well?
With that in mind, we'll
start all words with "Ah".
The first sound should be "ah".
- A lot of words that start with 'ah'.
- Yes, 'ah'.
Let's go. Get ready, set, go!
Furnace.
Americano.
- Mister.
- Kid.
- Elderly woman.
- Generous.
Arirang.
- One.
- Younger sibling.
- Brother-in-law.
- Scout group.
- Didn't we already say, elderly woman?
- I said, brother-in-law.
- She did? - We'll be the judges.
Can't you keep it clean?
I'll represent all the gods and
apologize on their behalf.
He's the most awkward god of all of us.
I wonder he ever gets up on
the right side of the bed.
- Reminiscence.
- Reminiscence?
Oh, no!
- Obstinate.
Assaravia Colombia!
- What the heck? - That's her answer!
- Let's call it a game!
- We accept her answer!
- It's a saying we all know!
Can't you give me one more chance?
- Let's not do this. - Colombians say,
"Assaravia Colombia!" when they're happy.
Can't you let it slide one more time?
Come on, let's go.
One.
- Let her have a chance.
- Castor oil.
Seo-hee!
Ouch, my stomach.
- That's great acting!
- She's using impersonations as well!
- Go ahead. - Ouch, my stomach.
- We accept her answer.
- Do you accept her answer?
- Yes, I do.
One...
Aztec.
(A high-class word appears)
Amazon.
- One.
- Linseed.
Linseed. I don't know if it's
right, but I'm saying it's correct.
- Is 'linseed' a real word?
- Yes, it's a real word.
Linseed is a real word!
Ah! Republic of South Korea!
- She's a patriot.
- At least it's funny!
- She's being a patriot!
- It could be a title!
I'll say that I lost. How long
are we going to keep this up?
- Let's keep going!
- That's a song's title.
- Don't you know Jung Su-ra's song?
- Why are you unhappy when the sky is blue?
- Asia.
- Asia!
Azabaraba!
Asian games.
- I don't know who will win.
- Ah! It's Seo Jang-hoon!
- We accept her answer!
- It's when you see a celebrity.
I lose! I'll accept the fact that I lost!
I'll say that I lost. I lose!
No, this round belongs to Cupid.
Here! You may punish Aphrodite.
- Where do I hit her?
- Where are you going to hit me?
Here.
Go ahead, hit me if you can.
Go ahead, hit me.
- You shocked me!
- Give me that hammer!
- I'll hit her for you.
- Hit her hand.
- I'll hit her shoulder.
(He reaches a compromise)
Can you please see yourself
out of this one, Apollo?
I'm begging you.
- Know when you step down.
- I'll go next!
- Don't think you've got this one in
the bag. - Aren't we merciful gods?
That's why, we'll start words
that start with the sound "Ja".
Self-made!
- Good job.
- Nature conservation.
- Self-sufficiency!
- Self-sufficiency.
- One.
- I won!
- Two, three!
- Nature.
He got it on three. Nature.
- One.
- Put your arms down.
- Two.
- Seat! - Seat!
Penny-pincher.
(Magnet)
She said something.
- Magnet!
- White-saddled reelfish.
- What the heck is that?
- There's a fish named that.
Poseidon! Explain white-saddlled
reelfish, king of the sea!
White-saddled reelfish can be found
around Jeju Island and it's really tasty.
It's a really tasty fish?
He suddenly started using his home dialect.
You're right! It's awfully tasty!
- It's good as sashimi.
- It's good roasted and sauteed.
- Seriously?
- One, two...
- Transportation!
- Very nice!
- Private high school.
- Yes, private high school.
- Car!
- The ball is in your court.
One, two...
Three!
(Hee-chul wins)
- I'll hit him...
- That's the end of the game?
May I say something? Can you
please tell her to give it a rest?
- What's wrong?
- She kept on saying, "Uterus" next to me.
What the heck am I supposed to do?
Uterus. Uterus. Tell him to say, "Uterus".
Hurry up! Hurry!
- The word qualifies.
- I lost! - She's so strange.
When you talk about gods, we live
in a higher place than humans.
- Let's start with the words
that start with "Go". - Alright.
- I'm ready.
- Alright, Eros. One, two, three, go!
- Eunuch.
- Me?
- It's just a word.
- Why are you looking at me?
- You're my opponent.
- He's talking about Shim Young?
- Pepper.
Why are you looking at
me when you say that?
- Two.
- Anguish.
You know those big words?
- One, two... - Altitude sickness.
- Altitude sickness!
- Stubborn.
One, two...
Go...
Old age!
I'll accept it if you do it in one breath.
One, two...
- Sweet potato.
- Good, sweet potato.
One...
two...
Go... Goryeo!
- Goryeo!
- He's intelligent.
Goguryeo.
Goryeo and Goguryeo were
both mentioned. One...
- Go...
- Stop it!
This is how Eros takes the
win for the games and...
Aphrodite's team wins!
- You need your punishment.
- Receive your hammer!
- Where are you going to hit me?
- I was thinking of your head.
- My head? - Is that okay?
- It's okay.
If you're going to hit me...
I can't hit him because of the glare!
You can't hit him yet.
We're still in incubation.
It's the son of gods.
- Here I go.
- Go ahead, hit me.
Go easy on him.
(This is your punishment for
waging war between the gods)
- What's that sound?
- Gods!
Azarabia Colombia!
Is it Zeus?
Could it be?
You fools!
- You're gods and you sit around fighting?
- It was you?
- I'm embarrassed that you guys are gods!
- Look, it's Mariah Carey!
Has Zeus always been this fat?
- He's gained more weight.
- God of all gods, Zeus!
It's me, Zeus! I'll assess each god's
ability to see if you need disciplining.
If you fail my test, you'll be
banished to the human world!
First, it's Cupid's turn!
I'll give you three arrows.
You'll be successful if you pop one heart
balloon with one of your three arrows.
If you fail, Hercules will
carry out my punishments!
(Screaming)
My punishment will be finger
flicks on your forehead!
Why does that fool get to
carry out your punishments?
(Steal a person's heart
with your love arrow)
Do you see the circle here?
You'll stand behind the circle.
- This is too far, I can't do this.
- Just do it!
- You're a god, anything is possible.
- It's possible for a god.
You only have three chances.
I'll go!
Prove your godly skills to everyone.
He has bad arrows.
Unfortunately, your first try is a fail.
Didn't you get zero points when
we had our shooting competition?
This is his second try.
It's when Kangta and Kang
Min-kyung were here.
Are you sure you're not blind?
- We're rooting for you, Cupid!
- Shoot it.
(Did his second arrow succeed?)
- Nice shot! - What?
- That's a fail!
- Why?
- It didn't pop.
- It has to pop.
- Are you serious? With this?
- Can you stop griping about everything?
- You can do it.
- Shoot your next arrow.
- You should've made the arrows longer.
- Just as I thought.
- You don't ever stop your griping, do you?
He never stops griping.
- Show me your perfect shot, Cupid.
- You're like constipation, it never ends.
- How come you're so straining?
- Show me your skills, Cupid!
- Show us your shooting skills. - Watch
him be totally happy if he succeeds.
It's unfortunate, but you failed, Cupid.
Hercules!
(Cupid's arrow will pierce your heart)
Show him the strength in your hands.
(Recharging his battery)
I can't believe I have to
get hit by this shrimp.
To be honest, my finger
flicks aren't that strong.
My goodness, I bet that's going to hurt.
Can you show us again?
I'll give everyone a chance to see
if any of you guys can succeed.
- What's our prize?
- I'll give you Cupid's strength.
Even his fortune?
If that's the case, I'll give it a go!
What did you just say? You're
giving away all of Cupid's fortune?
- Even his buildings? - If you fail, Cupid
will be allowed to give you finger flicks!
(I'm going back to the sea)
- Would you like to give it a try,
Aphrodite? - Yes, I wanted to try.
- Try, Aphrodite. - I'll give her a chance
to hit on me, if Aphrodite succeeds.
- A chance?
(She gives up)
(She leaves without thinking twice)
- She's a very sensible god.
- She's very intelligent.
Clean this up, no one wants to try.
It's now time for Hercules,
the god of strength.
Show me your strength.
- Bring the plywood!
- Plywood?
I'm sorry, but I'm out of strength.
- You can do it.
- What kind of god are you?
(Break objects with your
extraordinary strength)
- You have to jump and break these. I'm
going! - It's hard to break it all.
- Go for it.
- I'm going!
- Be careful not to hurt yourself.
- You have to put weight into it.
- You have to jump!
- I'm Hercules, the symbol of strength!
- Herclass?
- I'll show you my class!
(He's going)
(Smashes it all)
(The plywood has been smashed to pieces)
(We recognize that he is truly Hercules)
I accept you as Hercules!
(He's the only one that feels
awkward since he failed)
(Show your strength by
receiving your laurel wreath)
- I'm going to throw it.
- This is for household use only.
- Let's go.
- Start.
- This will be your first try.
- I'll throw it nicely.
He got it.
- Fail.
- Your second try.
- That's a shame.
- Try throwing it higher.
(Fits perfectly)
(I'm Apollo!)
- That's right, I'm Apollo!
- How did it fit right on your head?
(He tries out of order)
(The head absorbs the
laurel wreath like its own)
- You're amazing.
- Yes, he's amazing.
- Good job.
- You're great.
- He's good at this.
- Your turn to throw, Aphrodite.
I'll throw it well for you to catch it.
My gosh, seriously!
That's why I can't play well with girls!
- You didn't catch it properly!
- It's your fault!
- I threw it well.
- You threw it too far!
Now, it's time for Aphrodite,
the goddess of beauty.
We'll take this time to verify your beauty.
Call a person you know and...
we need to hear the word 'beauty'
from them within 60-seconds.
- The word 'beauty'?
- Yes, 'beauty'. Only one word.
You cannot ask them leading questions.
60-seconds is pretty short.
- Did you call ahead and plan this?
- No.
- It's the first-time we're telling
her the word. - Who are you calling?
You might know if you hear her voice.
- Let's go. - You don't need
to put it against your ear.
- What do I do? Do I just hold it,
like this? - 'Beauty' in 60-seconds.
Who could it be?
- Hello?
- Oh, hi.
- You know what?
- Hello?
- Oh, hi.
- You know what?
- I'm...
- Yeah?
People want to say something to me.
It's two syllables and
it's a great compliment.
- A word you think of the instant you
see me. - Sounds like Lee Young-ae.
- I think it's Lee Young-ae.
- Seo-hee?
- Is it Lee Young-ae?
- A two-syllable word that matches you?
- Is it really Lee Young-ae?
- It's Lee Young-ae.
- It's two syllables.
- Is it Young-ae from "Rude Miss Young-ae"?
- Two syllables?
- Yes.
People use this word
with you a lot as well.
- 30-seconds. - They call you this a
lot. 2-syllables. - I don't know.
They use this word to describe you.
It's sort of like goddess. They use
this word to describe me as well.
- B and S! B and S! - A goddess?
- B and S!
- It starts with 'B'?
- No, that's not right.
- 10-seconds left.
- It's two-syllables.
- It starts with 'B' and has an 'S'?
- No, no.
Princess? Queen?
You're getting close.
- Princess, queen.
- It's similar to princess.
One!
Fail!
- Who is it?
- You failed.
- Who is it? - My friends are goddesses
as well since I'm Aphrodite.
- Who is it?
- The goddess of beauty.
- Lee Young-ae.
Hello?
I'm sorry for calling. I'm recording
"Ask Us Anything" right now.
- No, it's okay. - I'm sorry, we
each had separate challenges.
- She's like air in our lives.
- I'm playing Aphrodite.
I was hoping you'd call Jang Dong-gun.
Does she know "Ask Us Anything"?
- Say, "Hello".
- Hello, everyone. - Hello!
- It's me, Soo-geun.
- Yes, it's good to hear from you.
- Happy new year.
- Yes, happy new year to you as well.
Seo-hee is on "Ask Us
Anything's" recording studio.
- Yes, please be good to her.
- We didn't know you'd answer the phone.
She failed her challenge because of you.
Her penalty is for you to come on the
show next week or within the next month.
- You can come over to my house.
- Whoa! Really?
- We can go.
- We'll really go over.
- You can come over without the cameras.
- Say hello, Ho-dong.
- Hello.
- Yes, hello.
Can you say something about your friend,
Seo-hee, since we're on the air?
It's always the same with us.
She's a good person. She hasn't
changed in 10 or 20-years.
It's Seok-cheon, Young-ae.
- I'm sorry, who?
- Seok-cheon!
- Hong Seok-cheon?
- Yes.
When did you go over there?
I'm on the show with Seo-hee today.
- That's great to hear. - Let's come
on the show together next time.
- Are your kids doing well?
- Yes, we all watch it together.
- Excuse me, Young-ae.
- Yes?
- It's me, Young-ja. Lee Young-ja.
- Nice to hear from you!
How have you been doing?
- I'm sorry, it's me Kim Yeong-cheol. I
was impersonating... - I already knew.
- She must watch our show.
- Yes, I don't miss an episode.
Thank you very much.
- Please be nice to Seo-hee.
- Thank you for taking the call.
- Thank you, have a happy new year.
- Happy new year.
Have a good time!
- I'll call you later.
- Okay, do well.
You guys must be close.
Did you hear her voice? Pretty girls
must only be friends with pretty people.
We've been friends for a long time.
About 20-years?
We were in the same historical drama.
(The two met on the same drama
and their friendship lasted)
This is our last challenge. It's
Poseidon's turn, the god of the seas.
Since you control the waters,
please show us your ability.
We're going to bring out 100 candles.
Bring out the candles!
- Bring out the candles.
- Bring it out!
- Bring the candles.
- What am I supposed to do?
Listen carefully, Poseidon.
We have 100 candles here,
but you need to blow...
out 70 or more candles by
blowing water onto them.
If you fail, a tremendous
punishment will be waiting for you.
Who will hand out your punishment?
- The half horse can do it.
- I'll do it.
Anyone here can hand out punishments.
Anyone! Or Centaur can
hand out punishments, too.
Please fail. Fail.
- If Poseidon allows it...
- Yes? - You can do anything.
- I'm going!
- Go ahead.
Poseidon!
I bet he's going to splash everyone.
- This is today's highlight.
- How much can fit in there?
(Splashes)
(More than half of the
candles are blown out?)
- He failed. He didn't do it.
- The candles are lighting back up.
It'll be faster to count
the ones that are off.
- It's only half.
- He failed.
(What is the total?)
Poseidon fails since more than
40 candles are still lit!
I finally have my chance!
- Go ahead, Centaur.
- There's something more important.
If Centaur can do the same challenge...
and blow out more than 70 candles...
- I'll take five finger flicks!
- That's a great offer.
- But...
- I'll take your offer.
- What if I fail?
- I'll only hit you once.
- I'll accept your offer of hitting
5-times. - That's how gambling works.
Alright, Centaur!
This will be your last challenge.
- He always successful on these challenges.
- Strangely, he's good at this.
Will Centaur be able to blow
out more than 70 candles?
(He only gets the corners)
Fail.
Poseidon.
Wait a second! Can anyone
blow out 70 candles? Try it.
- I'll get hit 100-times if you succeed.
- 100-times?
Eros!
- Try it.
- If he succeeds, it's 100 finger flicks!
It's impossible to blow
out more than 70 candles.
He's never going to succeed.
- It's impossible.
- Even Ho-dong couldn't do it.
Try it again, Poseidon.
(Why is Seo-hee moving
away from the cameras?)
All the candles can still be lit.
(Spits out water)
What are you doing over there?
Are you going to try?
- I was testing it out. - What are you
doing here? - I was just trying it.
- Do you want to try?
- Yes, I do.
I don't think it's possible. I
tried it, but it's not easy.
Try it.
- It's Eros' first attempt.
- It's impossible.
Eros!
(He fires away)
(He precisely attacks the middle)
I think he's close.
- 1,2, 3, 4, 5, 6...
- He did it. He got it.
(Starts to step back)
21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27! Twenty-seven!
(He successfully blows out 73 candles)
He succeeds in blowing out 73 candles!
We can hit Centaur 100-times!
- That's amazing!
- 73 candles!
You needed to attack the
middle, not the sides.
100 finger flicks.
Go first, Poseidon.
- I'll go lightly.
- We can do five each.
Close your eyes.
- That's one.
- That's not too bad.
You have 99 more hits to go.
We should all watch what
we say in the new year.
(Bam!)
- That looks painful.
- Are you sure you didn't slap him?
(Centaur got hit 98 more times
and became human again)
It's Seo-hee's birthday.
(Surprise!)
(Moved)
(Happy birthday)
- Hold on, I'll blow it out with my water.
- No, it's okay.
Close your eyes and make a wish.
(We wish the elite actress, Jang
Seo-hee, a very happy birthday)
(We'll have previews of transfer
students Boa and Lee Sang-yeob.
(Boa and Lee Sang-yeob)
My goodness, our managing director!
It's great to see you here!
- Wait a second!
- Isn't that Park Hyun-bin?
(It's Park Hyun-bin)
(He shows us his hidden impersonations)
(He's good)
That's a good one.
- I'm on "Ask Us Anything" today.
- That sounds just like him!
(Where is the real Lee Sang-min?)
My goodness, we're taking
it easy on her today.
This is a broadcasting accident.
(The star of Asia slowly begins
to show her real talents)
(She dances to girl group songs
and even Kyung-hoon's dance)
(There's nothing the
dancing machine can't do)
Have you eaten already?
(The impersonating machine can't stop)
Stop it! Stop it!
It's not easy being
annoying on the first day.
(Ashamed)
- Here you go.
- Is it soju mixed with beer?
Jang-hoon! Sit down.
(Boa easily takes control on
the cast of "Ask Us Anything")
(The little giant takes over the school)
She saw this too!
(Every Saturday night at 8:50)
It's your lucky day since
you get to meet the perfect...
woman, who has a great body,
personality and even face.
- Boa.
- What?
That's not your image! Don't lie to us!
- I'm getting scared of him.
- Don't leave me!
Subtitles by OnDemandKorea